Okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah it (***)
Yeah.
yeah but i think (***)
no snapping turtle (***)
snapping turtle (***)
you
yeah yeah
Camping turtles are one of my favorite.
yeah (***) There's a difference between a snapping turtle and an alligator.
(***) i think (***)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think so. Yeah.
They can like bite your finger
they can like like buy like a carrot like remember like they do
So back to the topic of Gamera
yeah yeah yeah
no I think you just saw that too. yeah but then (***)
I didn't notice about that.
Opposite to Gojira. Gojira started out kind of cute looking.
and became very mean, but for Gunmera...
He looked really mean at the beginning, the old one.
But then he starts to become cuter in the new ones.
yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Much kinder.
At first, they didn't know them. They were like, oh, no, they're monsters.
(***)
yeah
yeah yeah which one
Oh, which one?
Hey, hey, hey, yeah. That one. Yeah, exactly.
yeah
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
Oh, that is a good question.
maybe the monster but like you know maybe
It's deceiving. like (***)
People were like, they... It seems like he kind of like made a test gun barrel or something.
yeah yeah
yeah Probably. But I guess the monster got saved.  (***)
how do you say it like the maybe the yeah maybe like
The monster knew that the Gamera would...
getting in the way of eating the food.
(***) Gamera
And then go, yeah.
Yeah, without flexing.
Kind of, yeah, yeah, yeah. (***)
Yeah?
It was, it was (***) yeah
yeah
yeah yeah
Yeah, he was. yeah
I don't know. I guess maybe the director or something?
You didn't like that, but once you heard it, (***)
Yeah (***)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah yeah
(***) Gamera
I know this is the newer, I mean the live action.
(***) Gamera (***)
no not the animation
The real person one. The one we like. That one.
yeah i guess but then like near the end
I guess but near the end he became bigger.
but then i don't think he would oh yeah so he never really liked that
I don't want to get it on me because they're sharing scenes
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I guess. Yeah, that makes sense. But then they should do another movie.
That's smooth, yeah?
yeah
2000 something. Like 2004.
Yeah, I probably would.
yeah yeah
i guess we can't or unless they use the boy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, after the, when the camera, oh, (***)
yeah
this should have grammy or come out in a hollywood bug film that would be pretty accurately
Yeah, yeah, but then yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, but they got married more like